Add several tables for monitoring MySQL and Autonomous Database metrics. Closes #237, #238, #246, #247, #248, #249, #250, #251, #252, #253 (#254)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-oci: docs/tables/oci_mysql_db_system_metric_memory_utilization_daily.md

# Table: oci_mysql_db_system_metric_memory_utilization_daily

> OCI Monitoring metrics explorer provide data about the performance of your systems.  The `oci_mysql_db_system_metric_memory_utilization_daily` table provides metric statistics at 5 minute intervals for the most recent 5 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OCI Monitoring metrics explorer provide data about the performance of your systems.  The `oci_mysql_db_system_metric_memory_utilization_daily` table provides metric statistics at 24 hour intervals for the most recent 90 days.
```
